# Response to email from CRAN after first failed submission #
The email stated two notes generated by the CRAN auto-submission process:
* On Windows, 1 NOTE, which is a False Positive, as it relates to this being a new submission, the previous version
having been archived, as described in __Overall__ below.
* On Debian, 2 Notes: 
> Found the following files/directories:
>   ‘MyDataOutput.txt’
* This error, which was due to an example in `UtilOutputReport.R` writing to the package directory, has been corrected. The advice from CRAN - using tempfile() or a user-specified file name has been adopted. I have checked that the package does not write to any location within the package directory. All instances of `getwd()` have been removed.
* All examples consuming CPU time in excess of 5 seconds, have been surrounded by `\dontrun` brackets. e
* As advised in the email from CRAN, instances of `\dontrun` have been replaced by `\donttest`.
* The package size has been reduced to meet CRAN guidelines. 
* The package was checked on a Debian platform and yielded one Note, identical to that on Windows, which is a false positive.
* Additional checks of the package were run on OSX and Windows.
* The package was checked using `devtools::check(run_dont_test = TRUE)` as advised in the documentation of `devtools`.

# Overall #
A `C++11` compilation error on `Solaris`, which resulted in archiving of the previous version on 2019-01-17,
has been corrected (see __Other platform portability__ below).

# Test environments #
## OSX ##
* `"x86_64-apple-darwin15.6.0", "R version 3.6.1 (2019-07-05)"` 
* `R CMD check` ran with no errors, warnings or notes
## Travis ##
* No errors, warnings or notes on `oldrel`,`release` or `developer`. 
## Windows portability ##
1. This was tested on https://win-builder.r-project.org 
1. Both `release` and `development` versions of `R` generated 1 Note, which was expected, stating that this was a new submission, and that the previous submission had been archived. The Note states:
> CRAN repository db overrides:
> X-CRAN-Comment: Archived on 2019-01-17 as installation errors were
>   not corrected.
> 
> With C++11 on Solaris, as needed for R-devel.
3. The `old-release` version generated an additional note stating that the installed size is 6.2Mb, and two sub-directories of 1Mb or more: were identified (`doc`: 2.1Mb and `libs`: 1.7Mb). 
3. _We have taken care to minimize file sizes by compressing all image files used in the vignettes, which we feel make an essential contribution to the usability of this package_.   
## Other platform portability ##
1. This was checked using `devtools::check_rhub()`
1. The checks were conducted across 20 platforms implemented in `devtools`
1. Most relevant to the error which resulted in archiving of the previous version, the check on Solaris (Oracle Solaris 10, x86, 32 bit, R-patched (experimental)) resulted in no errors, warnings or notes.
### A summary of the checks follows ###
1. On 7 platforms the checks ran with no errors, warnings or notes.
1. One platform (`Ubuntu Linux 16.04 LTS, R-devel with rchk`) generated an error, which we believe is a false positive unrelated to our package, as it generated the following error message, suggesting the error is coming from package `Rcpp`: 
> Function Rcpp::Rcpp_protect(SEXPREC*)
> [PB] has possible protection stack imbalance /opt/R-svn/packages/lib/Rcpp/include/Rcpp/protection/Shield.h:25
* One platform (`Debian Linux, R-release, GCC`) generated the following Warning, suggesting an issue that is not related to our package:
> * checking compilation flags used ... WARNING
> Compilation used the following non-portable flag(s):
> ‘-Wdate-time’ ‘-Werror=format-security’ ‘-Wformat’
3. The remaining platforms generated 1-2 Notes, falling in the following categories:
3. The expected Note stating that this is a new submission (see __Windows portability #2__).
3. A Note relating to file size exceeding 5 Mb (similar to __Windows portability, #3__)

# Reverse dependencies #
None.

# FAILURE SUMMARY (from last attempted submission) #
* The `Solaris` error, which resulted in archiving of the previous submission, has been corrected.

# All revdep maintainers were notified of the release on RELEASE DATE. #
Not applicable.
